Two types of apps:

One for ordering tickets.  Used at infrequent to steady rates, used more towards the event.

The app or page will take in customer info (name, email), store it in some kind of db, maybe show event
options/ add ons from DB. It will also take in payment info if needed.
Once all processing is done, will generate QR code , sent to email or phone (?) and displayed on screen.
The customer ordering info will be stored in that DB.


Scanning app: Used on day of events. Heavy use on day of event. Scalability important.

The scanning app or page will scan the QR code, run a check against  a service to verify 
info, display customer name and entitlements for the event and check off their ticket as used.

Basic Architecture:

One is we can have .net core app  with 2 .net core services pointing to a mongo db.
All of this can be hosted on an EC2 instance. Does not seem scalable unless we spin up another instance.

Another options is to host both backend services in containers/ lambdas and the site also in a container?
Maybe the site can be on a EC2 instance. What about mongo instance? WIll it be the Document DB service or 
will I need an EC2 to host the mongo anyway?


For sending notifications (email and or SMS), we need a way to queue the notifications
and say a worker container or maybe even lambda can simply  pick it up from the queue.


Front End: Need to host site. Site needs web server. Maybe or should go in a container which is hosted in the
	container service or  on a EC2 box.

Backend: Micro services in .net core go in containers  or are Lambda functions that can be invoked via urls
		 or just go on a EC2 box.

DB:  Document DB service or Mongo on EC2 box.  Maybe Dynamo DB.



FE					BE			DB
EC2					EC2			Mongo on EC2
Container Service Container		Document DB Service Mongo.
					Lambda
					
Looked at Lightsail quite a bit and that has a prety good deal going with 3 months free.
Its basically ec2 but probably with less flexibility. THe fact that we need a DB, means we need a box.
Use the document DB service is fairly expensive (about 7 cents a hour just for the box t3 box).
I could look at dyname db pricing?

 That was the other option I looked at as explained by this article.
 https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/create-dynamic-contact-forms-for-s3-static-websites-using-aws-lambda-amazon-api-gateway-and-amazon-ses/
 Essentially a the html, js goes on Aws S3, and Lambda has the backend logic . For storage, we would need dynamo DB.
  This seems too many pieces and higher learning curve but truly cloud development here :).
  Dynamo db does seem really inexpensive for the amount of data we are storing.

Queue
SQS which triggers Lambda for notification
DB based queue where  Lambda or EC2 / Container worker picks it up.
 



